# OnlinePlacementCell
The project “ONLINE AND PLACEMENT CELL” is an android application that can be accessed by the student throughout the organization with the proper login provided. This application can also be used by the training and placement officer to maintain all the records of the students as well as the activities related to the training and placement cell. The students are registered by admin for the placement activities through this application. Once the registration gets successful, a unique password will be created for an individual student. Students can change their password any number of times. The students may also receive notifications regarding the upcoming campus drive. It also provides information about the campus details, criteria for the campus, recruitment process. A link will be provided by the administrator of the upcoming company(JAF) where the students can obtain extra information about the company. Placement officers will also be provided a password by the administrator. This application helps the placement officer to update the correct details of the requested students. The administrator only has the right to access the database. Students will also be updated about the campus drive. Alumni can share the information about the previous placement or answer any query asked by the student. Some of the features of this application include the following: Work can be done in a computerized way, No need of paperwork, To increase the accuracy and efficiency of the placement process management of student data, Analysis of the overall placement process and the work burden will be less for the training and placement department. 
